Update optimize-search-partitions.md (#4819)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/optimize-search-partitions.md

![data-by-environment](/img/search/optimize/data-by-environment.png)

> You can create partitions for both data tier and flex plans. All data ingested into Sumo Logic will go to the Continuous Tier, if no data tier is specified. Only data that goes to a partition can go to the Frequent or Infrequent Tiers, but costs will be incurred for ingesting the data into Sumo Logic with data tier plans. To know more, refer to the [Data Tier Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/data-tiers/). Whereas, there will be no cost incurred for ingesting the data and only the insights and analytics volume dictate pricing with flex plan. To learn more about partitions with a flex plan, refer to [Flex Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/flex/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create partitions for both data tier and flex plans. By default, all data ingested into Sumo Logic will go to the Continuous Tier unless a specific Data Tier is specified. Only data that goes to a partition can be assigned Frequent or Infrequent Tiers. With these Data Tier plans, however, costs will be incurred for ingesting the data into Sumo Logic. To learn more, refer to the [Data Tier Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/data-tiers). 

By contrast, with the Flex plan, there are no costs for ingesting data. Instead, pricing is determined by the volume of insights and analytics. To learn more about creating partitions with the Flex plan, refer to [Flex Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/flex).
```

* **Query 4**. We want to search for data that is in a custom Partition, as well as data that exists in the Default Index. However, query rewriting does not have the ability to OR indexes together. Instead, another behind-the-scenes feature, Inverse View Rewriting kicks in, we know that the data is NOT contained in the DEV and QA index, so those will be skipped.  This query will only scan the Prod index and the Default Index.

You can create partitions for both data tier and flex plans. By default, all data ingested into Sumo Logic will go to the continuous tier unless you specify a different data tier using the routing expression. Only data that goes to a partition can be assigned to Frequent or Infrequent Tier. Costs will be incurred for ingesting the data into Sumo Logic for continuous and frequent tier data ingestion. However, for infrequent tier data ingestion, no cost is incurred for ingesting the data, whereas pricing is determined by the scanned volume of insights and analytics.  To learn more, refer to the [Data Tier Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/data-tiers). 

> In contrast, the Flex plan does not involve configuring data into specific tiers. All data ingested under the Flex plan is classified as Flex data, and pricing is determined by the scanned volume of insights and analytics. This plan also provides access to additional default features, such as data forwarding, dashboards, monitors, scheduled searches, and scheduled views.  To learn more about creating partitions with the Flex plan, refer to the [Flex Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/flex).

Author: ```suggestion
In contrast, the Flex plan does not involve configuring data into specific tiers. All data ingested under the Flex plan is classified as Flex data, and pricing is determined by the scanned volume of insights and analytics. This plan also provides access to additional default features, such as data forwarding, dashboards, monitors, scheduled searches, and scheduled views. To learn more about creating partitions with the Flex plan, refer to the [Flex Partitions](/docs/manage/partitions/flex).
```
